add info about IIS 7.0 and above (#9004)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/impersonate-a-client-after-authentication.md

In most cases, this configuration has no impact. If you have installed optional components such as ASP.NET or IIS, you may need to assign the **Impersonate a client after authentication** user right to additional accounts that are required by those components, such as IUSR\_*&lt;ComputerName&gt;*, IIS\_WPG, ASP.NET, or IWAM\_*&lt;ComputerName&gt;*.

> In IIS 7.0 and later, a built-in account (IUSR) replaces the IUSR_MachineName account. Additionally, a group that is named IIS_IUSRS replaces the IIS_WPG group. Because the IUSR account is a built-in account, the IUSR account no longer requires a password. The IUSR account resembles a network or local service account. More details [in this article](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/iis/default-permissions-user-rights).

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
In IIS 7.0 and later, a built-in account (IUSR) replaces the IUSR_MachineName account. Additionally, a group that is named IIS_IUSRS replaces the IIS_WPG group. Because the IUSR account is a built-in account, the IUSR account no longer requires a password. The IUSR account resembles a network or local service account. For more details, see [Default permissions and user rights for IIS 7.0 and later](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/iis/default-permissions-user-rights).
```

> In IIS 7.0 and later, a built-in account (IUSR) replaces the IUSR_MachineName account. Additionally, a group that is named IIS_IUSRS replaces the IIS_WPG group. Because the IUSR account is a built-in account, the IUSR account no longer requires a password. The IUSR account resembles a network or local service account. For more details, see [Default permissions and user rights for IIS 7.0 and later](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/iis/default-permissions-user-rights).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In IIS 7.0 and later, a built-in account (IUSR) replaces the IUSR_MachineName account. Additionally, a group that is named IIS_IUSRS replaces the IIS_WPG group. Because the IUSR account is a built-in account, the IUSR account no longer requires a password. The IUSR account resembles a network or local service account. For more details, see [Default permissions and user rights for IIS 7.0 and later](https://docs.microsoft.com/troubleshoot/iis/default-permissions-user-rights).
```
